.TH "BaseDefinitions.h" 3 "20 Jun 2001" "LDSequences" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
BaseDefinitions.h \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <stdio.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <fstream.h>\fP
.br
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBZahl\fP   double"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBmin\fP(a, b)   (a<b)?a:b"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBepsilon\fP   0.0000000001"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBM_SQRTPI\fP   1.772453850905516027298167483341145182798"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBM_1SQRT2PI\fP   0.398942280401432677939946059934"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBFree\fP(ptr)   delete[] ptr;ptr=NULL;"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBlfloor\fP(f)   (long)floor(f)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBmin\fP(x, y)   (x<y)?x:y"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBmax\fP(x, y)   (x>y)?x:y"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "Zahl \fBAsymErfc\fP (Zahl zsq)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBWriteDoubleArray\fP (ofstream &str, long len, double *vals, char *endchar, long dim)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBpower\fP (long m, long n)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBpower\fP (double m, long n)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBbinom\fP (long i, long k)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBvectabs\fP (double a1, double a2, double a3)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBPhi\fP (long base, long x)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBLongToCoeff\fP (long nr, long base, long *cfs, long cflen)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBCoeffToDoubleModified\fP (long base, long *cfs, long cflen, long modfact)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBCoeffToDouble\fP (long base, long *cfs, long cflen)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBIsPrimitiveRoot\fP (long proot, long base)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBCalcDeterminant\fP (long *A, long dim, long i)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBERFCMAXREK\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "DEFINE DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "#define Free(ptr)   delete[] ptr;ptr=NULL;"
.PP
Frees the array-pointer ptr and sets it to NULL afterwards.
.PP
.SS "#define M_1SQRT2PI   0.398942280401432677939946059934"
.PP
.SS "#define M_SQRTPI   1.772453850905516027298167483341145182798"
.PP
approximate value for the square root of pi.
.PP
.SS "#define Zahl   double"
.PP
We want to use double, but who knows, maybe sometimes we need long double or just float.
.PP
By using our own type we only have to change this here and then to recompile 
.SS "#define epsilon   0.0000000001"
.PP
.SS "#define lfloor(f)   (long)floor(f)"
.PP
.SS "#define max(x, y)   (x>y)?x:y"
.PP
Macro, returns the maximum of two given values.
.PP
.SS "#define min(x, y)   (x<y)?x:y"
.PP
Macro, returns the minimum of two given values.
.PP
.SS "#define min(a, b)   (a<b)?a:b"
.PP
Macro, returns the minimum of two given values.
.PP
.SH "FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "Zahl AsymErfc (Zahl zsq)"
.PP
Calculates the Erfc by means of its asymptotic expansion.
.PP
\fBParameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIzsq\fP\fP
The variable z^2 in the expansion. 
.SS "long CalcDeterminant (long * A, long dim, long dimtocalc)"
.PP
calculates the determinant of the (upper left) i*i submatrix of the dim*dim \fBMatrix\fP A.
.PP
This is really slow, but never mind... flag the rows used so that we don't need another array for the cofactor. This saves a lot of mem... 
.SS "double CoeffToDouble (long base, long * cfs, long cflen)"
.PP
returns the double-representation of the cofficients in base 'base' given in cfs.
.PP
E.g. cfs={1,2,1,2,1}, base=3 => returns 1/3 + 2/9 + 1/27 + 2/81 + 1/243 
.SS "double CoeffToDoubleModified (long base, long * cfs, long cflen, long modfact)"
.PP
returns the double-representation of the cofficients in base 'base' given in cfs.
.PP
E.g. cfs={1,2,1,2,1}, base=3 => returns 1/3 + 2/9 + 1/27 + 2/81 + 1/243 This is the modified version, needed by Atanassov's sequence. (Not quite implemented yet ...) 
.SS "bool IsPrimitiveRoot (long proot, long base)"
.PP
Checks if proot is a primitive root modulo base.
.PP
.SS "long LongToCoeff (long nr, long base, long * cfs, long cflen)"
.PP
Expands n in base 'base'.
.PP
\fBParameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fInr\fP\fP
the number to develop in base 
.TP
\fB\fIbase\fP\fP
Which base to use for the expansion 
.TP
\fB\fIcfs\fP\fP
long-array where the coefficients should be stored 
.TP
\fB\fIcflen\fP\fP
length of the buffer cfs 
.PP
\fBReturns: \fP
.in +1c
Returns the number of coefficients (lowest n s.t. nr<base^n) or cflen, depending in which one is smaller 
.SS "double Phi (long base, long x)"
.PP
The digit inversion function.
.PP
This inverts x (written down in base 'base') at the comma. E.g. Phi(3, 25): 25=2*9+2*3+1=221_3 => 0.112_3=1/3 + 1/9 + 2/27 
.SS "void WriteDoubleArray (ofstream & str, long len, double * vals, char * endchar, long dim)"
.PP
Writes the 'dim'-dimensional array vals in Mathematica-List format to the file str.
.PP
\fBParameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIendchar\fP\fP
defines a string which should be written out after the list, e.g. ';' or '//MatrixForm' 
.TP
\fB\fIlen\fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIvals\fP\fP
The dim-dimensional array of double-Values 
.TP
\fB\fIendchar\fP\fP
String that is appended to the file after the List is written out. 
.TP
\fB\fIdim\fP\fP
.SS "long binom (long i, long k)"
.PP
Returns the binomial coefficient (i k).
.PP
.SS "double power (double m, long n)"
.PP
Returns m^n where n and m are double variable.
.PP
The result is of type double, too. 
.SS "long power (long m, long n)"
.PP
Returns m^n, where n and m are long variables.
.PP
The result, of course, is also of type long. 
.SS "double vectabs (double a1, double a2, double a3)"
.PP
Returns the length of the 3-dimensional vector (a1, a2, a3) (just sqrt(a1*a1 + a2*a2 + a3*a3) ).
.PP
.SH "VARIABLE DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "long ERFCMAXREK"
.PP
Defines how many term in the asymptotic expansion of erfc=1-erf should be used for the calculation.
.PP
.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LDSequences from the source code.