.TH "LDSqAtanassov" 3 "20 Jun 2001" "LDSequences" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
LDSqAtanassov \- This class implements Atanassov's modified Halton sequence. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <SimSeqs.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBLDSqBase\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBLDSqAtanassov\fP (long *b=NULL, long dm=NULL, long iterations=0, long genau=BGENAU, double genau1=GENAU, char *ex='ata',char *nm='Atanassov', long *prts=NULL, long *mdfs=NULL)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual long \fBCalculateNextElement\fP (long nr, double *buffer, long bufflen)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual long \fBInitData\fP (long genau=0, double genau1=0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual long \fBExitData\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual long* \fBInitGenericBases\fP (long dm)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "long* \fBfactors\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "long* \fBproots\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "long* \fBmodifiers\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
This class implements Atanassov's modified Halton sequence.
.PP
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "LDSqAtanassov::LDSqAtanassov (long * b = NULL, long dm = NULL, long iterations = 0, long genau = BGENAU, double genau1 = GENAU, char * ex = 'ata', char * nm = 'Atanassov', long * prts = NULL, long * mdfs = NULL)"
.PP
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "long LDSqAtanassov::CalculateNextElement (long nr, double * buffer, long bufflen)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
writes the next element(s) of the sequence in a buffer.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBLDSqBase\fP.
.SS "long LDSqAtanassov::ExitData ()\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Do class-specific freeing of memory etc.
.PP
Called by the destructor 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBLDSqBase\fP.
.SS "long LDSqAtanassov::InitData (long genau = 0, double genau1 = 0)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
initialize the method specific data.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBLDSqBase\fP.
.SS "long * LDSqAtanassov::InitGenericBases (long dm)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
If no array of bases was given in the constructor, but the sequence needs them, this creates generic bases, e.g.
.PP
most of the time these are the dm lowest prime numbers, but you can override this by reimplementing InitGenericBases in your subclass 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBLDSqBase\fP.
.SH "MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "long * LDSqAtanassov::factors\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
stores the factors of Atanassov's definition.
.PP
.SS "long * LDSqAtanassov::modifiers\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
stores the modifiers needed in Atanassov's definition.
.PP
.SS "long * LDSqAtanassov::proots\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
stores the primitive roots needed to create the sequence.
.PP


.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LDSequences from the source code.