.TH "LDSqMonteCarlo" 3 "20 Jun 2001" "LDSequences" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
LDSqMonteCarlo \- This class implements pseudo-random numbers. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <SimSeqs.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBLDSqBase\fP.
.PP
Inherited by \fBLDSqAfflerbach\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBLDSqMonteCarlo\fP (long tp=MC1, long status=-44891368, char *ex='mc',char *nm='Monte Carlo')"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual long \fBCalculateNextElement\fP (long nr, double *buffer, long bufflen)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual long \fBInitData\fP (long genau, double genau1)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual long \fBExitData\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
This class implements pseudo-random numbers.
.PP
To create them it uses either ran1, ran2 or ran3 depending on the value for tp that you pass to the constructor. 
.PP
\fBAuthor(s): \fP
.in +1c
Reinhold Kainhofer 
.PP
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "LDSqMonteCarlo::LDSqMonteCarlo (long tp = MC1, long status = -44891368, char * ex = 'mc', char * nm = 'Monte Carlo')"
.PP
Constructor, initializes the Monte Carlo sequence.
.PP
\fBParameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fItp\fP\fP
defines whether to use ran1, ran2 or ran3 (use the constants MC1, MC2 and MC3 for this) 
.TP
\fB\fIstatus\fP\fP
initial seed for the RNGs 
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "long LDSqMonteCarlo::CalculateNextElement (long nr, double * buffer, long bufflen)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Generates an bufflen-dimensional pseudo-random vector and stores it to buffer.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBLDSqBase\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBLDSqAfflerbach\fP.
.SS "long LDSqMonteCarlo::ExitData ()\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Do class-specific freeing of memory etc.
.PP
Called by the destructor 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBLDSqBase\fP.
.SS "long LDSqMonteCarlo::InitData (long genau, double genau1)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
initialize the method specific data.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBLDSqBase\fP.

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LDSequences from the source code.